there is a charles marlowe
that that i knew the original charles
marlowe
before the the drugs did the damage to
his personality that they've done
because he's done a lot of drugs over
the years and they've changed him and
nothing's changed to more than the meth
though oh yeah i'm telling you he
and that's the scary thing nothing has
changed like he did pills and all kinds
of things but he
he used to be a different person hey
everyone
welcome to a collab with another vegan
we have the vegan cheeto what's going on
everybody
so he broke up with his girlfriend so
now we are dating
put that out there what what do you
think about
vegans doing the vegan thing for
aesthetic reasons or to look
young or to remain youthful or to lose
weight i understand that more
than ethics than ethics really because
god put animals here for a reason we're
supposed to eat them
he tries to throw everyone out and you
can't do it on your own
you just can't especially not something
as hard
esoteric and you know
honestly a shot in hell like youtube i
feel like he doesn't
think he needs any friends or anything
he doesn't need
he thinks he doesn't need air or water
you know being homeless is not
attractive to me
you know what i mean like and i don't
think it's anything he could get out of
it too but he
he's just he chooses to be homeless
and he sees it as a source of income
because he's like oh if i can be online
and portray this homeless
conservative who's scraping the bottom
and trying to make his way up
people are going to invest in me they're
going to care
if i'm giving you advice charlie from
like a very straightforward
cold cut you know i would say
go far left just be an extreme feminist
extreme left winger you would probably
get a lot of views
people will probably like you a lot and
they would not care about your past at
all
yeah and that's the thing and that's the
thing like
about like youtube and stuff like that
too is he thinks like with this
and you know i consider myself a
conservative but he thinks that with
this right-wing persona that he's
portraying that he's going to get
somewhere far online
but the thing he doesn't understand
about 90
of these right-wing personas have some
sort of establishment like in you know
credentials and stuff like that like
they're they didn't just on a whim one
day
decided to stop doing vegan drama and
and become
you know an ex-felon that's doing vegan
or a felon that's doing vegan drama and
then
um who brags about his drug addiction
all of a sudden
gonna take over the conservative sphere
on
social media i just it just doesn't make
any sense
do you ever get the feeling that history
is repeating itself
like you can remember years and years
ago just feeling
so shocked so astonished
that barack obama was elected president
united states he thought wow
i thought this would never happen within
my lifetime i thought i would
i would never you know see this an
african-american gets elected to
be president united states and then you
know a few years later
a few years later you feel the same way
when you find out that a white
millionaire from reality television
has been elected president united states
you're sitting there thinking what
donald trump was i never thought i would
live to see
this day i never thought i would live to
see donald trump get elected
to be president of the united states do
you get the feeling do you get the
feeling the history is repeating it's
these [ __ ] know that they [ __ ]
around with real genes
look guys it's lawsuit season
vegans are suing vegans again it's it's
fashionable
all over again i started this trend all
y'all copying my style
you owe me ten percent [ __ ] i don't do
much
sit on the block in that lavender range
waiting for fiends passing the king
well basically charles and i grew up
together
not like in diapers but you know
ninth grade basically high school we
had bands and music projects
um growing up and also i got into music
production i
produced as people know a lot of his
songs and especially his most recent
songs desert hell and
i love that one by the well so yeah
basically you know i
grew up with charles um and
even went to college with him and then
there was a few years when i'd moved to
california
and he was still in new york um a little
bit of time he was in nashville
we still talked but we you know we
didn't hang out or anything like that
and there were time periods where we
didn't really
talk to each other you know but we would
keep in touch and
everyone knows he had gone to jail um
and um he
got out of jail was in a halfway house
and i that's i think that's when i
started to talk to him a little bit here
and there
and um he had gotten to his that's when
he first got into his social media he
got into his online personality and
became the vegan cheetah during that
time
and had his career on younow
which he ruined just like you know
most other things he said sabotages uh
like friendships um
jobs business relationships business
relationships
everything fill in the blank folks um
but yeah he likes to sabotage things
that's that's charles nature as charles
likes to sabotage
um himself and others he's a very weak
person
like in my opinion um
to me i feel like being when i was
around him it's almost as if
you're trying to take care of a child or
something it's very odd he has like hard
kind of you know like people want to
care for him
online he tries to act quote unquote
alpha but
even his online persona isn't that alpha
to be honest
he he does this like false
like metrosexual personality thing
do you know what i'm talking about you
know i think it is dangerous for our
image
when you got a guy like durianrider
basically telling people to drop out of
university
we as vegans we should encourage
encourage each other to go and get
education
to pursue diplomas certificates degrees
pursue careers off of youtube we can do
youtube too we can do social media
believe me guys i'm on youtube and i'm
streaming every single day
posting to twitter instagram you know
i'm very very into it but
raising my social media profile also
gaining a degree you know an education
it puts me in a different league than
somebody like durianrider
freely the banana girl vegan gains but
i'm encouraging you to like just take a
look at it you know
would an education make my life better
and he's always trying to
draw the line in the sand you know but
the thing is
he thinks he stands for like this
conservative
um you know thing like he's a
conservative but
the thing he doesn't realize is like
with his drug abuse
and all that it's hard for to any for
anyone to take him seriously
so he's trying to push this like cmc
broadcasting thing right now and it's
like
people are seeing right through it well
i think that that's
true too like there's a lot of lack of
foresight like he doesn't see
that like conservatives or right wingers
they really usually look down very
harshly
on drugs especially meth and heroin
yeah they look you know weed is kind of
okay now but
even that it's like they'll look down on
that too
yeah especially definitely the hard
drugs yeah
the type of women that would want to be
with a guy
like that would not want somebody that
has done drugs or that has
you know done certain things we'll just
say or yeah
with certain types of women that he has
been with any
good trad con woman would run
like the very people that would like him
are the ones that he bashes
like the only people that would like him
are left wingers
you know maybe sjws like very far left
you know radical feminists things like
that especially with his metro persona
like yeah radical feminist would
appreciate that
because he comes across as sophem
sometimes and
i do think his inner psychology is very
feminine
and i say that as somebody that is very
feminine you know i am gay
i am the woman in a relationship i am
very very femme
and i see a lot of those same inner
workings in him
like he's always talking about his
appearance he's so worried about this he
was a gossip channel like these are all
very
feminine things his audience is even
mostly women
and there's reasons for that and no it's
not because he's the hottest thing
because he's really not
but let's see what izzy the fruit bat
had to say about
uh her encounter her sexual rendezvous
with an older man so i once had a
relationship
with an older man in the vegan community
and
when i went and saw him stuff happened
between us
i was 18 at the time 18 that's like my
perfect age anywhere between about 18
and 22 that's usually
the age group um you know that i'm
attracted to
i was completely
uh disappointed in this situation
i was underwhelmed by how it all went
and i was disgusted when it was over i
felt degraded
and i was angry about it and i could
have
so so easily made a video
being like um he's a sleazy and he just
degraded me and
oh my god i love when she says she was
degraded that's so hot
i was probably one of his biggest fans
and
now he's so [ __ ] boring like
literally every video is the exact same
thing
it's well i'm doing fine i'm homeless
but i'm okay and
you know insert opinion about jewish
people
and uh yeah why does it always have to
demean jewish people that's the other
thing
a lot of jewish women have supported him
what was it like
living with him oh man
he would usually be waking up and
[Music]
he didn't know i was still awake
sometimes and i would see him or
witness him you know being high you know
um and i knew he was doing meth
um it could have been cocaine or
something but i think he was doing meth
he didn't really ever like sleep you
know it seemed like he slept basically
about four hours a night so
that's one thing i'll say that was weird
and
he i woke up to him rocking back and
forth one morning and he was like i'm
sorry this is all a little bit
scattered right now but i woke up you
can edit this part but um
i woke up one morning he was rocking
back and forth and shivering
but it was like 105 degrees out
and um he had this blanket wrapped
around he was like shivering on the
couch and i woke up because he was going
like
[Applause]
he was like you know doing this really
weird
like i've never seen anyone do anything
like that
but i basically knew from that day i
knew that he was doing drugs
every time i was ever filming with him
or i was ever around him
he was sober okay like every single time
except the last time
in that time he was acting
really really really wired like and i
remember like my head was like
my i was thinking like oh my god is he
actually using because i had come out
sort of against you and i was like oh
he's not using
a lot because he never was around me he
just wasn't
i think a lot of people that are drug
addicts like
he's kind of hiding it too yeah well
plus they try to compartmentalize so
it's like
i'll do the drugs around this person but
not that one
yeah you know me and him were pretty
close and stuff like that maybe he
didn't want to betray that or
something to that effect but obviously
you know being a month out on the street
he didn't care anymore so then i saw
he was acting very like um i want to say
manic
just very very like up yeah i was like
oh gosh
and i remember thinking he might be
using
his mental capacity yeah
deteriorated throughout all of last year
like he was
he used to be actually kind of smart and
it's gone
now he's very stupid like just
he used to have clever comebacks he used
to be able to like
debate with people like you know like
that one guy i forgot the guy with the
beard
like that was he was doing debate he was
really extra and he was an [ __ ] and
everything but
i it didn't he had so many opportunities
like
and it was clear he must have been using
meth because the amount of money he owed
his landlord
and yeah like he obviously could have
paid some of that
but he didn't pay any of it he didn't
pay any of that he owed this landlord
six thousand dollars
that's like over that's like three and a
half months rent or something
so basically it seems like before he
came here he was just on a downward
spiral
and he tried to pick himself he tries to
pick himself back up
and i don't know how much
he's how like how much he's
doing the meth but i think it's i think
it's like every day
yeah i think it's every day even the
racism thing
um he might have been even a little bit
racist
back in the day but i think it was
more just like stupid like thoughtless
you know you know comments like things
he would make and
um you know just typical like white
people [ __ ] you know nothing really
serious but now he's getting into this
really deep
serious yeah [ __ ] now and
i i can only see it like
is charles going to be broadcasting on
some like
underground platform in two years with
like hedge side shaved the same way with
like the nazi haircut
swastikas in the background um
in a trailer park in
somewhere in southern california oxnard
in a trailer park with a
preg constantly pregnant um maybe you
should be a writer
constantly pregnant um you're really not
a vein of fiction
four three kids constantly pregnant wife
uh on welfare there's no way that that
will happen
it'll have like a he'll finally have
like a beer gut and stuff but he'll
still have skinny arms and skinny legs
and everything
and but i told you like he'll be flexing
me like yeah these aesthetics
my core has been getting really strong
i'll have like a big beer guy
but like skinny arms and everything i
know but the thing is
like even in that scenario i just can't
see him
um being like with a woman
basically like i know this sounds mean
but it's true like
yeah i know necessarily because he
wouldn't be interested but because
i just don't see any woman i think he's
gonna find like some
desperate this is the other option maybe
he'll move somewhere down
south and find like some desperate like
trailer park girl
who's like 18 years old that just oh man
you know she's begging to just get
pregnant
doesn't care as long as it's a halfway
cute guy
that she can pin down with a baby
to be honest like if i want to be real i
think there's no hope for him
i think he's gone i think he's already
dead
that's a very brute brutal statement to
say yeah
but i think that the drugs have already
taken that might be true and to be
honest
that comes from my experience with
narcotics they're gone
he's gone once they've done it enough
times
that's it you're it's over yeah i think
he's gone
i don't think he's ever coming back and
i think it's a grieving process for some
of us
too